Convert PATHINVS, PATHCLR , PAT25MKY, JAINVSFP (in SV6 parks) to Invisible Path (#18381)
OpenRCT2/OpenRCT2: distribution/changelog.txt

- Improved: [#18214] Competition scenarios have received their own section.
- Improved: [#18250] Added modern style file and folder pickers on Windows.
- Change: [#18230] Make the large flat to steep pieces available on the corkscrew roller coaster without cheats.

> - Change: [#18381] Convert custom paths to invisible path, when converting from SV6: PATHINVS, PATHCLR , PAT25MKY, JAINVSFP.

Reviewer: This is too specific, I think.
```suggestion
- Change: [#18381] Convert custom invisible paths to the built-in ones.
```
